load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/refer
    Cacao can refer to the bean. カカオは豆のことでもある。
    I (as a word used to refer to oneself modestly) へり下って言うときのわたし
    I often refer to the dictionary. 私はよくその辞書を参照する。
    Please kindly refer to the attached. 添付ファイルを参照ください。
    Please refer to a lower figure. 下図を参照してください。
    Please refer to instructions. 説明書を参照してください。
    Please refer to it. ご参照ください
    Please refer to it. 参照ください
    Please refer to it. 参照して下さい
    Please refer to it. 参考にして下さい。
    Please refer to that. あなたはそれを参考してください。
    Please refer to that. あなたはそれを参考にしてください。
    Please refer to the attached documents. 添付資料を参照下さい。
    Please refer to the attached file. 添付ファイルを参照してください。
    Please refer to the drawing. 図面を参照して下さい。
    Please refer to the following 下記参照ください
    Please refer to the following 以下をご参照ください
    Please refer to the link. リンクを参照してください。
    Please refer to this. あなたはこれを参考にしてください。
    Please refer to... ～を参考にしてください。
    Refer to Table 2.4.31. 第2-4-31表参照。
    Refer to previously listed figure. 前掲図　参照。
    Refer to the following 下記を参照
    We will refer to that. 私たちはそれを参考にします。
    What does it refer to? それは何の事を言っているのですか。
    What noun does this “it" refer to? この it はどの名詞をさしますか.
    What should I refer to? 私は何を参照すればよいのか？
    Which dictionary did you refer to? どの辞書を参考にしたんですか。
    Writers often refer to a dictionary. 作家はよく辞書を参照する。
    a Japanese term once used to refer to swans, called 'kugui' ハクチョウという鳥
    a respectful term used to refer to the words or speech the person with whom one is conversing has uttered, called 'kinko-' 相手の言葉
    a term of disrespect used to refer to one's father as a foolish man 愚かな父
    a term of disrespect used to refer to one's mother as a foolish person 愚かな母
    a term of respect used to refer to a postcard sent by someone 他人の葉書
    a term of respect used to refer to someone's letter 他人の書いた手紙
    a term of respect used to refer to that which is before a god or emperor 神や天皇の目の前
    a term of respect used to refer to the feelings of the person with which one is speaking 相手の心情
    a term of respect used to refer to the home or residence of another person 他の人の家
    a term of respect used to refer to the place of residence of the person with whom one is speaking 相手の居所
    a term that is used to refer to or address a young woman in a respectful manner 若い娘
    a word used to refer to something as having a bluish color 青色を帯びている〜
    an expression women use to refer to their husbands 自分の夫
    in Japan, a term formerly used to refer to the direction of 15 degrees southeast; 'utatsu' 卯辰という方角
    in Japanese, of retainers or vassals, the personal pronoun used to refer to oneself in the first person, called 'gushin' 臣下が用いるわたし
    refer [submit] a dispute to arbitration 争議を仲裁に付する[持ち込む].
    refer a bill back to a committee 法案を委員会に差し戻す.
    the basic words of a language that refer to colors 色彩を表わす基本的な言葉
    the words used to refer to the food one is giving to visitors when showing modesty and humbleness 客に出す食べ物
    to refer to something 引き合いに出す
    to refer to various sources 広く例を引用して証拠を挙げる
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/cast
    CAST STONE 模造石
    Cast pearls before swine. 猫に小判。
    He cast his net into the pond. 彼は池に網を打った.
    I had a bite with every cast of my line. 入れ食いだった.
    The die is cast. さいは投げられた.
    The die is cast. さいは投げられた。
    The die is cast. 矢はすでに弦をはなれた.
    a boat from which fishing nets are cast 投網を打つ船
    a cast‐iron stomach 丈夫な胃.
    a man cast in a heroic mold 英雄はだの人.
    a star‐studded cast オールスターキャスト.
    a statue cast in bronze 青銅で造った像.
    a turn [cast] of mind 気だて.
    an all‐star cast スター総出演.
    cast [heave] the lead 水深を測る.
    cast [pig, wrought] iron 鋳[銑, 錬]鉄.
    cast [put] a blight on [upon]… …に暗い影を投げかける.
    cast [put] a damper on… …の勢いをそぐ.
    cast [throw] a cloud on [over]… …に暗い影を投げる.
    cast [throw] a net 網を打つ.
    cast [throw] a quick glance at… …をさっと一瞥する.
    cast a chill over [upon]… …をしらけ[興ざめ]させる.
    cast a damp over a person's spirits 勢いをくじく
    cast a fishing line 釣り糸を投げ込む.
    cast a sidelong glance at… …を横目でちらっと見る.
    cast a spell on [over]…＝put a spell on…＝cast [lay, put]…under a spell … に魔法をかける; …を魅する.
    cast about for a means of escape 逃げ道を捜し回る.
    cast an imputation on [make an imputation against] a person 人を傷つける.
    cast lots くじを引く, くじで決める.
    cast one's eyes aside 目をそらす.
    cast one's eyes down (at the floor) 目を(床に)落とす.
    cast one's eyes up (at the ceiling) (天井を)見上げる.
    cast…into [put…in [into]] prison … を投獄する.
    draw [cast] lots くじを引く, くじで決める.
    fishing gear called cast net 投網という漁具
    make [cast] sheep's eyes at… …に色目を使う.
    of a shadow, to be cast on something 影が落ちる
    one that is cast off or rejected 不用品
    pour bronze into a cast 鋳型に青銅を注ぐ.
    the action of casting a cast net 投網をすること
    the cast-off skin of a cicada セミのぬけがら
    the cast-off skin of a cicada 蝉のぬけがら
    the last cast 最後の運だめし.
    to be cast ashore 漂着する
    to cast a shadow on an object 影を物の上にうつす
    to cast a vote 票を入れる
    to cast aside personal feelings 私情を捨てて
    to cast aside something or someone 投げ捨てること
    to cast one's face down (顔を)下に向ける
    to cast roles in a play 配役を決める
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/lean
    Don't lean against the wall. その壁に、もたれかかるな。
    Don't lean against the wall. 壁にもたれかかるな。
    Don't lean against the wall. 壁にもたれるな。
    Don't lean against the wall. 壁により掛かるな。
    Don't lean on your friends for help. 友達の援助を当てにするな。
    Don't lean out (of the window). (窓から)体を乗り出さないでください.
    He is tall and lean. 彼は背が高く、ほっそりしている。
    She ate only lean meat. 彼女は赤身の肉だけを食べた。
    a fish having lean meat 肉の赤い魚
    a lean [bold, bluff] bow とがった[平たい]船首.
    a lean figure やせたからだ
    a lean horse 痩せた馬
    a lean monkey 痩せた猿
    a lean of 30° 30度の傾斜.
    a lean year 凶年.
    a lean, dispirited person 痩せて元気のない人
    a lean‐to roof [shed] 差し掛け屋根[小屋].
    a tower with a slight lean 少し傾いている塔.
    lean back in one's chair 上体をそらしていすに座る.
    lean beef 牛肉の赤身
    lean crops 凶作, 不作.
    lean forward as one walks 前かがみに歩く.
    lean forward 身を乗り出す.
    lean on one's friends for advice 友の忠告に頼る.
    of a person, lean body 痩せて肉付きの薄い肉体
    of meat, to be lean やつれること
    of people, to lean towards right wing ideology 右翼的思想に傾く
    of something, to lean to the right 物が右に傾く
    perform physical activity (lean against, on, up against something) 物に寄り掛かること
    streaks of fat and lean＝streaks of lean and fat (ベーコンなどの)しまになっている脂身(あぶらみ)と赤身.
    to be able to lean forward (体を)前へ突き出すことができる
    to be able to lean upon a stick 杖を突くことができる
    to lean (one's body) 体をもたせかける
    to lean a thing or one's body against something 物や体を寄せ掛ける
    to lean a thing or one's body against something 物や体を寄り掛かるようにする
    to lean against a thing ものに寄りかかる
    to lean against a thing 物に寄っ掛かる
    to lean against a thing 物に寄り掛かる
    to lean against something 物にもたせかける
    to lean back からだが後ろへ弓なりに曲がる
    to lean forward 前にのめる
    to lean on (something) 他の物にもたれ掛かる
    to lean something against another thing 他の物にもたせかけて物を立てる
    to lean something against something else あるものに他のものを寄りかからせる
    to lean something against something else 他の物にもたせ掛ける
    to lean something against something else 寄りかからせる
    to lean to one side 一方へかたよる
    to make a thing lean against something 物を寄り掛からせる
    to ride on top of a thing and lean one's weight over it 上に乗ってもたれかかる
    to slightly lean backwards (腰を)少しだけもたせかける
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/setting
    Can I use this setting? この設定は使えますか？
    Can you see the setting sun here? ここで夕日を見れますか？
    I finished setting up the email. 私はメールの設定が終わりました。
    I revised that setting. 私はその設定を修正しました。
    I will test this setting. 私はこの設定を試してみます。
    Is this setting correct? この動作は正しいのでしょうか？
    Is this setting maintained? この設定は保持されますか？
    Is this setting valid? この設定は有効ですか？
    It was setting in to rain. 雨が降りだした.
    SETTING PROCEDURE SETTING METHOD 設定手順設定方法
    SETTING UNIT 設定器
    SETTING 台座
    Setting a wolf to guard the sheep. 猫にかつお節。
    Setting of high goals 高い目標設定
    That setting is not correct. それの設定が正しくない。
    The scene [setting] of the story is laid in Germany. その小説の舞台はドイツだ.
    The setting sun gilded the sky. 入り日が空を金色に輝かせた.
    The sun is setting in the west. 太陽が西に沈みかかっている.
    The sun was setting with a deep red glow. 夕日が赤々と沈むところだった.
    The western skies are aglow with the setting sun. 西の空が夕日に照り映えている.
    There is no fear of complications setting in. 余病を併発する恐れはない.
    This setting is disabled. この設定は無効です。
    What is the temperature setting? 気温設定はどのくらいですか？
    a beautiful mountain setting 美しい山の環境.
    a sketch of a stage setting 舞台装置の見取り図
    a stage setting 舞台装置
    an act of setting up a ladder 梯子を立てること
    change the setting of a thermostat サーモスタットの調節点を変える.
    in a different setting 別の場面[状況]では
    in a distributed setting 配置された状況で
    in process of setting up 設定中
    lotion for setting hair called setting lotion セットローションという整髪料
    of the sky, to glow with the setting sun 夕焼けがする
    of the sun, the state of setting 日が沈むこと
    setting of control output 制御出力の設定
    setting of instantaneous transport volume 瞬間輸送量の設定
    setting of the maximum deflection 最大偏向の設定
    stage setting set up in the foreground, called foreground setting 手前に置く舞台装置
    the act of setting education as one's goal 勉学を志すこと
    the act of setting up the framework of a house 棟上げをすること
    the action of setting a net 網を1回仕掛けること
    the setting moon 沈もうとする月
    the setting of a vase on a table テーブルの上に花瓶を置くこと.
    the setting of the sun 日の入り, 落日.
    the setting sun 夕日
    the setting sun 沈む太陽
    the setting sun 落日
    the setting sun 落日.
    the setting sun 落陽
    to limit by setting bounds 範囲を定める
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/presence
    He has too much presence. 彼は存在感がありすぎだ。
    He showed wonderful presence of mind. 実に沈着な態度であった.
    He strengthened his presence. 彼は存在感を強めていった。
    I always feel ill at ease [uncomfortable] in his presence. 煙たい男だ.
    I feel awkward in his presence. あの人は煙たい。
    I feel completely at (my) ease [at home] in his presence. まったく気の置けない人だ.
    I feel small in her presence. 彼女の前では引け目を感じる.
    I have realized your presence. 私はあなたの存在に気がつく。
    I strongly feel your presence. 私はあなたの存在を強く感じる。
    May we have the pleasure of your presence? ご出席願えるでしょうか.
    Oblige us with your presence. どうぞご出席ください.
    PRESENCE SYSTEM プレゼンスシステム
    She has no presence. 彼女に存在感は無い。
    The company’s presence in the area その会社の業界で位置。
    They were summoned into his presence. 彼らは彼の面前に呼び出された.
    We request the honor of your presence at the meeting. ご臨席をお願いします.
    Your mere presence gives me confidence. 君がいてくれれば千人力だ.
    Your presence gave me courage. あなたの存在が私に勇気をくれた。
    Your presence is a great compliment. ご臨席は光栄の至りです.
    Your presence is urgently required. ぜひ出席されたい.
    Your presence will afford us great pleasure.＝Your presence will afford great pleasure to us. ご出席くだされば大変うれしゅうございます.
    a beautiful princess with an unearthly presence 妖姫
    a geisha's costume worn in the presence of customers 座敷で着る着物
    a man of (a) noble presence 気高い態度の人.
    a moon-lit night with the presence of snow 雪のある月夜
    a person in whose presence one can feel good 心よく思う相手
    a place in the presence of gods or of Buddha 神仏などの前
    a sign that shows the presence of life 人のいそうな気配
    an evil presence 物の怪(け).
    an imposing presence 堂々とした風采(ふうさい)[態度].
    banish a person from one's presence 人を面前から遠ざける.
    be admitted to the royal presence 拝謁を許される.
    feeling the presence of some woman 女性の気配がする
    he doesn't have any presence. 彼は存在感が無い。
    his unobtrusive presence 彼の目立たない存在.
    in his presence 彼の面前で.
    in the presence of a person 人の面前で.
    indications of the enemy's presence 敵の姿
    lose one's presence of mind あわてる.
    one's presence of mind 平常心
    the condition of being in another person's presence (人と)顔をあわせる
    the physical presence of others 人々の面前
    the position of being before the presence of a deity 神仏の前
    the presence of pus in the urine 膿のまじった尿
    the presence or absence of aptitude 適性の有無
    the presence or absence of ～ ～の有無
    the state of losing one's presence of mind あわてふためくこと
    the state of presence of being in front of Buddha 仏の前
    to lose one's presence of mind 心の平静を失う
    withdraw from a person's presence 人の前から引き下がる.
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/lately
    A lot of things are happening lately. 最近いろいろなことが起こる。
    Busy lately 最近、忙しい
    Have you been horribly forgetful lately? 最近物忘れがひどいですか？
    He died lately. 最近彼が亡くなった。
    He has gotten fat lately. 彼は最近太りました。
    How are you doing lately? 最近、どうしてますか？
    How have you been lately? 最近どうですか？
    I also can't sleep well lately. 私も最近は良く眠れない。
    I am busy lately. 最近私は忙しいです。
    I am sleep deprived lately. 私は最近寝不足です。
    I am sleepy everyday lately. 私は最近毎日眠い。
    I am tired lately. 私は最近疲れました。
    I have been a little busy lately. 私は最近少し忙しい。
    I have been busy lately. 私は最近忙しいです。
    I have been depressed lately. 私は最近憂鬱です。
    I have been interested in this band lately. 最近、このバンドに興味がある。
    I have been sleep deprived lately. 最近の私は寝不足です。
    I have been sleep deprived lately. 私は最近寝不足です。
    I have gained weight lately. 私は最近太りました。
    I have gotten busy lately. 私は最近忙しくなった。
    I have had free time lately. 私は最近暇です。
    I haven't been getting enough sleep lately. 最近、寝不足だ。
    I haven't been reading books lately. 私は最近本を読んでいません。
    I haven't gone shopping lately. 最近は買い物をしていません。
    I haven't gone to the movie theater lately. 最近は映画館へ行っていない。
    I haven't had time lately. 最近時間がない。
    I haven't heard from her lately. 最近彼女から便りがない。
    I haven't seen him lately. 最近彼に会っていない.
    I haven't swam lately. 私は最近は泳いでいません。
    I love onsens lately. 最近、私は温泉が大好きです。
    I really like hot springs lately. 最近、私は温泉が大好きです。
    I'm so sick of the heat lately. 近頃の暑さにはもううんざりだよ。
    It has been very hot lately. 最近とても暑かった。
    It has gotten cool lately. 最近は涼しくなってきた。
    It hasn't rained lately. 最近は雨が降っていません。
    It's really hot lately. 最近とても暑いです。
    Lately, I have been curious about this band. 最近、このバンドが気になる。
    Lately, I have frequent headaches. この頃頻繁に頭痛がする。
    Lately, I've been sleeping early. 最近、私は寝る時間が早かった。
    Lately, he hits people. 彼は最近、人を叩く。
    Mornings and nights have been cold lately. 最近は朝と夜が寒かった。
    My lifestyle is disordered lately. 私は最近生活が乱れている。
    My stomach hurts lately. 私は最近お腹が痛い。
    She was here only lately [as lately as last Sunday]. 彼女はつい最近[先週の日曜日に]ここへ来た.
    There are a lot windy days lately. 最近風の強い日が多いです。
    There's so much rain lately. 最近雨が多いです。
    They have been calm lately. 彼らは最近落ち着いている。
    This band is really interesting lately. 最近、このバンドが興味深い。
    What have you been doing lately? 最近何してたの？
    What have you been up to lately? 最近どうしてますか
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/personally
    Also, did they purchase those personally? また、彼らはそれらを個人的に購入されたのでしょうか？
    Don't take it personally. 個人的な話に受け取らないで。
    I don't hate him personally. 私は彼を個人的に憎んではいない.
    I know of him, but I don't know him personally. 彼の噂は聞いているが個人的には知らない。
    I personally experienced that I have yet to study enough. まだまだ勉強が足りないと実感しました。
    I personally prefer summer to winter. 個人的には冬より夏のほうが好きだ
    I personally think so. 私は個人的にそう思いました。
    I personally think that it is extremely unfortunate. それについては、個人的には非常に残念に思います。
    I want to meet you personally and take your class. 私は直接あなたに会って授業を受けたいです。
    I was able to obtain a personally signed ball. 直筆サイン入りボールを手に入れることができた。
    I was personally very shocked. かなり私なりにショックを受けました
    I will personally be responsible for it. 私が直接あなたを訪問します。
    I will probably personally hand it over to Mr. Suzuki. 私はそれを鈴木さんに手渡しするでしょう。
    John began trade personally. ジョンは自分で商売を始めた。
    My father knows the mayor personally. 父は市長と面識があります.
    Particulars to be arranged personally. 委細面談. 【広告】
    Personally I don't dislike it. 私自身はいやではないのです.
    Personally speaking＝Speaking personally 個人的に言えば.
    Personally, I liked this one. 私はこれが気に入りました。
    Personally, I love this song. 私は個人的に、この曲が大好きです。
    Personally, I prefer walking. 自分としては歩くほうがよい.
    Personally, I think this slide is unnecessary. 個人的には、このスライドは不要だと考えています。
    Please obtain that personally. それはあなた自身で入手してください。
    The curator took me personally through the museum. 館長が親しく私に博物館を案内してくれた.
    The president conducted us personally to his office. 大統領自ら我々を執務室に案内してくれた。
    There are things that I should study and things that I want to study personally 私は勉強するべきことと個人的に学びたいことがある。
    They contacted me personally. 本人から連絡をいただきました
    Well, personally, I don't really care for it. そうですね、私としては、あまり好みません。
    a car personally owned by an individual 大事にしている車
    a person who personally demands money from a politician 政治家のもとに出入りして金銭を強要する人
    a picture postcard that is personally made 民間で作られた絵葉書
    an animal that one personally keeps 自分の手元で飼うもの
    an art or skill into which one has been personally initiated by a given person ある人から直接伝授された技芸
    an military expedition personally conducted by the Japanese emperor 天子自身が出向く征伐
    apply personally [by letter] 直接行って[手紙で]申し込む.
    in the arts and literature, a work that one's acquaintance produced personally ある人が自分自身で作った作品
    of a monarch, to inspect something personally 君主が直接検閲する
    of a nobleman in Japan, to make a decision personally 貴人が自ら裁断を下す
    of a person of the nobility, to sign personally 貴人が自ら署名する
    personally accumulated wealth 私財
    relationships for which one is personally responsible 自分自身の責任で処理すべき交際関係
    something that concerns a person personally 自分の用事
    take a person's remark personally 人の言葉を自分に当てつけたものと思う.
    the action of personally deciding upon the price of something and selling it 直に値段を決めて売ること
    the action of personally keeping an animal 自分の手元で飼うこと
    the condition of being personally indignant with the world 一人で世を憤ること
    the manner of personally pouring water with a splash ざぶりと水をあびるさま
    to personally write a letter 手紙を自分自身で書く
    to try something personally 自らにやってみる
    to use something personally 自分の用に使う
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/encouraging
    (iii) Encouraging SWFs to invest in Japan ⅲ SWF等の呼込み
    All right! Everybody around me is so encouraging I'm getting a rush of motivation. ウオーッ、みんなの励ましをもらって俄然やる気が出てきたぞ！
    At matches, it’s encouraging to know that Kaori’s right behind me. 試合のとき，馨がすぐ後ろにいることがわかっているのは心強いですね。
    Her encouraging cry instantly filled me with redoubled courage. 彼女の声援を受けて, たちまち勇気百倍となった.
    His encouraging words gave me strength to break out of my despairing mood. 彼の励ましの言葉は絶望的な気持ちを跳ね返す力を与えてくれた.
    His encouraging words revived my drooping spirits. 彼の激励の言葉を聞くと私の沈みがちだった元気も奮い立った.
    I appreciate you encouraging me. 私はあなたが私を励ましてくれたことに感謝する。
    I have never heard such an encouraging song. 私はこんなに勇気の出る曲を聴いたことがない。
    I truly appreciate you always encouraging me. あなたは私をいつも励ましてくれて本当に感謝しています。
    My teacher sent me an encouraging email. 先生が励ましのメールを下さった
    She is always encouraging me. 彼女はいつも私を勇気付けてくれる。
    She is always encouraging me. 彼女はいつも私を勇気付ける。
    She is always nearby encouraging me. 彼女はいつも私の近くで私を勇気付ける。
    Some people criticized the tests for encouraging excessive competition. 一部の人々は，このテストが過度の競争を助長すると批判した。
    Thank you for encouraging me when I was feeling down. あなたは私が落ち込んでいる時に励ましてくれてありがとう。
    Thank you for encouraging me. あなたは私を励ましてくれてありがとう。
    Thanks for always encouraging me. あなたはいつも私を励ましてくれてありがとう。
    The hotel is encouraging domestic tourists to visit. ホテルは国内旅行者が訪れるよう働きかけている。
    The prospects for business have become more encouraging. 商売の前途はますます有望になってきた.
    The report is not encouraging sales wise. その報告は販売に関しては思わしくない。
    Their good record [performance] this year will be very encouraging [a great encouragement] to the team. 今年の好成績はチームにとって大きな励みになるだろう.
    Their results are encouraging for the Turin Olympic Winter Games in 2006. 彼らの成績は，2006年のトリノ冬季五輪に望みを与えてくれる。
    These have become amazing, encouraging words to me. これらは私にとって素晴らしい励ましの言葉となりました。
    These words are encouraging for women. その言葉は、女性にとって励みになる。
    To earn a rebuke for our efforts is not encouraging. 骨を折って叱られては間尺に合わない.
    When I am depressed, listening to this band's songs is always encouraging. 私が落ち込んでいる時、このバンドの曲を聴いていつも励まされています。
    When I am depressed, listening to this band's songs was usually encouraging. 私が落ち込んでいる時、よくこのバンドの曲を聴いて励まされていました。
    Your comments are encouraging for me. あなたのコメントが私を励ましてくれます。
    Your comments were very encouraging for me. あなたのコメントはとても私たちの励みになります。
    Your existence is encouraging for me. 私にとってあなたの存在が励みになります。
    Your prayerful and encouraging letter became a big support to me. あなたのお祈りと励ましのお便りは、私にとって大きな慰めとなりました。
    Your story was very encouraging. あなたの話は大変励みになりました。
    a grant of money for encouraging things or activities, called charity 物事を奨励するために支給する金銭
    a national holiday in Japan, encouraging people to respect the aged, on September the 15th 老人を敬おうとする,国民の祝日の一つで,9月15日
    an act of not restricting, protecting, or encouraging trade 外国貿易に何らの制限を加えず,また保護,奨励をも行わぬこと
    an encouraging look 促すような顔つき
    an encouraging shout 勢いをつける時のかけ声として発する語
    encouraging behaviour used to cheer up a person 胸がすっとするようなりっぱな行動
    encouraging words 相手を励ます時に発する語
    people encouraging themselves to do virtuous deeds 善行を勧め合うこと
    the act of encouraging achievement in secondary industry 産業をの振興を奨励すること
    the act of encouraging good conduct よい行いを勧めること
    the act of encouraging production in the manufacturing industry 工業の振興を奨励すること
    the act of encouraging someone to study 学問をするよう奨励すること
    the act of encouraging someone 元気づけること
    the act of encouraging 人を元気付ける
    the action of encouraging bidding at an auction by waving one's hands and calling out prices せり市などで,手を振りたてて客に掛け声を催促すること
    the action of recommending and encouraging the continuation of learning and scholarship 学問をすることを勧め励ますこと
    the voice used for encouraging and keeping time 拍子をとったり,勢いをつけるために出す声
    to continue encouraging 激励し続ける
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/insurance
    (of insurance) to be taken out 保険が掛かる
    a government insurance program called unemployment insurance 雇用保険という社会保険
    a mortgage insurance called fidelity insurance 抵当信用保険という信用保険
    a property insurance called theft insurance 盗難保険という損害保険
    a system of insurance called a fixed amount insurance 定額保険という,保険の方式
    a term insurance 定期保険.
    a type of insurance called dowry insurance 嫁資保険という生存保険
    a type of insurance called fraternal insurance 共済保険という保険
    a type of insurance called industrial life insurance 簡易生命保険という保険
    a type of insurance called marine insurance 海上保険という保険
    a type of insurance called savings insurance 貯蓄保険という保険
    a type of insurance called unemployment insurance 失業保険という保険
    a type of insurance called {real estate insurance} 不動産に関する不動産保険
    a type of insurance that combines term insurance and total life insurance 終身保険に定期保険を組み合わせた保険
    a type of social insurance called medical insurance 医療保険という社会保険
    accident insurance 傷害保険.
    also called health insurance portability and accountability act and hipaa. 「health insurance portability and accountability act」、「hipaa」とも呼ばれる。
    also called health insurance portability and accountability act and kassebaum kennedy act. 「health insurance portability and accountability act」、「kassebaum kennedy法（kassebaum kennedy act）」とも呼ばれる。
    an insurance against loss, called automobile liability insurance 自動車保険という損害保険
    an insurance agent 保険代理店.
    an insurance agent 保険勧誘員.
    an insurance called {compound insurance} 混合保険という保険
    an insurance company [firm] 保険会社.
    an insurance system 保険という制度
    automobile [car] insurance 自動車保険.
    casualty insurance 傷害保険.
    concurrent insurance 同時保険.
    damage insurance called war damage insurance 戦時保険という損害保険
    disability insurance 障害保険.
    enforced insurance 強制保険.
    fire insurance called house fire insurance 住宅火災保険という火災保険
    fire insurance called long-term general insurance 長期総合保険という火災保険
    fire insurance 火災保険.
    health insurance 健康保険.
    in Japanese health insurance, the system in which a medical insurance institution pays the medical expenses up to the limit set by the insurance companies, and the individual or a private insurance company picks up the difference 差額徴収制という,健康保険における制度
    insurance called crop insurance 収穫保険という保険
    insurance called manufactured products compensation insurance 製造物賠償保険という保険
    insurance called overseas investment insurance 海外投資保険という保険
    insurance called sports insurance スポーツ保険という保険
    insurance money 保険金.
    life insurance called an {ordinary endowment insurance} 普通養老保険という生命保険
    life insurance called term insurance 定期保険という生命保険
    life insurance 生命保険
    life insurance 生命保険.
    marine insurance called shipping insurance 船舶を対象とする海上保険
    marine insurance 海上保険.
    maritime insurance 海上保険.
    pay one's insurance 保険料を払う.
    term insurance 掛捨保険
    unemployment insurance 失業保険.
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/luggage
    Apparently, this luggage will arrive tomorrow. この荷物は明日届くらしい。
    Could you send the luggage to me? 私宛に荷物が届いていませんか。
    Did you finish arranging the luggage? 荷物の整理は出来た？
    He comes to take his luggage. 彼はその荷物を引き取りにくる。
    He put the luggage down. 彼は荷物を下に置いた。
    He will probably carry that luggage. 彼がその荷物を運ぶでしょう。
    I am going to carry that luggage out. 私はその荷物を外に運び出す。
    I cannot find my luggage. 私は私の荷物が見つかりません。
    I lost the luggage. 私はその荷物を失くしました。
    I moved that luggage 5 meters. 私はその荷物を5メートル運んだ。
    I return that luggage to that box. 私はその荷物を箱の中に戻す。
    I shall move that luggage. 私がそのお荷物をお運び致します。
    I want to deposit this luggage. 私はこの荷物を預けたいです。
    I want to have this luggage taken care of. 私はこの荷物を預けたいです。
    I will leave that luggage with my friend. 私はその荷物を友達に預ける。
    I will send that luggage tomorrow. 私は明日、その荷物を送ります。
    LUGGAGE SHEET ラゲッジシート
    Luggage to take on your trip 旅行に持っていく荷物について
    My luggage didn't come out. 私の荷物が出てこなかった。
    My luggage hasn't arrived yet. 私の荷物がまだ届いていない。
    My luggage hasn't been found. 私の荷物が見つかっていません。
    My luggage wasn't found. 私の荷物は見つかりません。
    Please do not put down your luggage here. ここに荷物を載せないでください。
    Please put my luggage here. あなたの荷物はここに置いてください。
    Shall I carry this luggage? 私がその荷物をお持ちしましょうか。
    That hand luggage still hasn't been found. まだその手荷物は見つかりません。
    That luggage fell down. その荷物が倒れている。
    That luggage still hasn't been found. まだその荷物は見つかりません。
    There isn't any luggage in the bag. この鞄は中に荷物が入らない。
    They can send the luggage. 彼らは荷物を届けることができる。
    They were carrying large luggage. 彼らは大きい荷物を運んでいます。
    Today the luggage arrived. 今日荷物が届きました。
    Was your luggage delivered? あなたの荷物は届きましたか？
    We received your luggage today. 今日、あなたの荷物を受け取りました。
    We'd like to leave our luggage 荷物を預けたい
    Where can I leave my luggage? 私はどこで荷物を預けられますか。
    Will you send my luggage? 貴方は僕の荷物を送りますか?
    Your luggage was sent here. あなたの荷物はここに届きました。
    a horse that is not carrying people or luggage on it its back 人や荷物を乗せていない馬
    a packed piece of luggage 荷造りした荷物
    a person who steals luggage 置き引きする人
    a piece of luggage carried on an airplane 飛行機内持ち込み用のカバン
    a place for keeping luggage for a period of time 手荷物を一時的に預ける所
    luggage that is carried over a person's shoulder 1人の肩に負う荷物
    luggage that is transported on the back of a horse 馬の背につけて運ばせる荷物
    state of having much luggage 荷物のかさがあること
    the amount of luggage that a person carries on his or her shoulders 1人の肩に負う荷物の量
    three pieces of luggage 3個の手荷物.
    to steal luggage 置き引きする
    unaccompanied luggage [baggage] 別送手荷物.
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/extremely
    He is extremely fit. 彼は極めて適任である。
    He's an extremely rich man. 彼は大金持ちだ.
    His memory is extremely good. 彼は大変記憶がよい。
    I am doing extremely well. 私はすこぶる元気です。
    I am extremely disappointed. 私は非常に残念です。
    I am extremely energetic. 私はいたって元気です。
    I am extremely glad. 私はすごくうれしいです。
    I am extremely happy. 私は凄く幸せです。
    I am extremely happy. 私は大変嬉しい。
    I am extremely sleepy. 私は大変眠いです。
    I am extremely tired. 私は凄い疲れました。
    I was extremely disappointed. 私は悔しかった。
    I'm extremely happy. すごく嬉しいです
    It is extremely hot today. 今日は大変暑いです。
    It was extremely delicious. それは大変美味しかった。
    It's been extremely hot for days. 連日の猛暑です
    That is extremely burdensome. それは非常に厄介です。
    That is extremely fascinating. それはとても興味深い。
    That is extremely fun. それは大変楽しい。
    That is extremely rusted. それは非常に錆びている。
    That is extremely sad. それはすごく淋しいです。
    That was extremely difficult. それはすごく難しかった。
    This is extremely beautiful. これは非常に美味しい。
    Today is an extremely hot day. 本日は猛暑日です
    Today is extremely hot. 今日は酷暑ですね。
    Today is extremely hot. 今日は非常に暑いです。
    a thing which is extremely excellent 極上のもの
    an extremely large number 非常に大きな数
    an extremely strong power 強大な力
    being extremely beautiful 過度に美しいさま
    being extremely loyal 極めて忠実
    being extremely prosperous きわめて盛んであるさま
    being extremely small 限りなく小さい
    being extremely vital or important 極めて肝要である
    being extremely vulgar きわめて卑しい
    extremely cheap ticket 激安チケット
    extremely far 非常に遠い
    extremely intensive 極度に集約的
    extremely minute 非常に細かい〜
    extremely thick yarn 極太の毛糸
    extremely thin or fine hair 非常に細い毛
    extremely thin yarn 極細の毛糸
    of the number, being extremely large 数がきわめて多いさま
    the condition of being extremely hot 非常に熱いこと
    the condition of being extremely virtuous 徳が厚いこと
    the state of being extremely beautiful 美し過ぎること
    the state of getting extremely drunk 乱酔する
    to be extremely clear 非常によく澄む
    to be extremely cold 冷え切る
    to be extremely tired 疲れはてる
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/favor
    A favor I'd like to ask お願いしたいこと
    Be in favor 気に入られていく
    He is in my favor. 彼は私のお気に入りだ。
    I have a favor to ask. お願いがあります
    I have a favor to ask. お願いごとがあります
    I have a favor to beg of you.＝I beg a favor of you. あなたにお願いがあります.
    I have a favor. おねがいがあります
    I'd like to ask you a favor. お願いをしたいです。
    Luck has turned in my favor. 私に運が向いてきた.
    Luck turned in my favor. 運が私に向いてきた。
    Please do me a favor. お願いがあります。
    Please do me a favor. どうかお願いしたいです。
    The odds are in his favor. 彼のほうに分がある。
    The odds are in his favor. 彼の方に分がある.
    Will you do me a favor? お願いがあるのですが.
    Would you do me a favor? お願いがあるのですが.
    a fall from favor 失墜.
    a favor offered by another 人から受けた恩恵
    a favor one receives from one's teacher 先生の恩
    a favor received long ago 昔受けた恩情
    a significant favor この上なく大きな恩義
    a small favor ちょっとした恩
    a special favor 特別の恩恵
    a very great favor 深い恩義
    acknowledge a person's favor 人の好意に感謝する.
    an Imperial favor 天皇からの恩
    an unwelcome favor 迷惑な好意
    bask in a person's favor 人の恩恵に浴する.
    both favor and virtue 恩と徳
    creep into a person's favor 人にうまく取り入る.
    favor a proposal 提案に賛成する.
    find favor in Downing Street 英国政府の受けがよい.
    in favor with a person 人に気に入られて.
    in high favor with… …の非常なお気に入りで.
    out of favor with a person 人に嫌われて.
    the act of doing someone a favor 恩恵を施すこと
    the disposition to favor or indulge in sentiment, called sentimentalism 感傷主義
    the favor and love of God 神の恵み
    through favor えこひいきして.
    to accept a favor 恩恵などを受ける
    to ask a favor 頼みごとをする
    to curry favor with a person by coaxing them 宥めて機嫌をとる
    to curry favor with people of power (権勢に)媚びる
    to do someone a favor 恩恵を施す
    to favor a person 目を掛けること
    to obtain judgment in one's favor in a court of law 訴訟に勝つ
    to recompense for a favor 恩などにむくいる
    to reward for a favor 恩に報いること
    treat a person with favor 人を好意的に扱う.
    without bias and without favor 公平無私に.
load https://ejje.weblio.jp/sentence/content/due+to
    Deleted due to censoring 検閲による削除
    Due to an event イベントがあるため
    Due to money issues お金の問題から
    Due to that そのことによって
    Due to the above reasons 以上の理由により
    Due to the experience 経験に負う
    Due to this このことによって
    He is due to arrive tomorrow. 彼は明日着く予定だ。
    He is due to retire this year. 彼は今年で定年だ.
    He is going to be absent due to a cold. 彼は風邪のため欠席です。
    Hospitalization due to hepatitis 肝炎による入院
    I am going to take a break from the company due to a cold. 私は風邪で会社を休む。
    Returned due to absence ご不在のため持ち戻り
    The game was postponed due to rain. 試合が雨で延期した。
    There was an outage due to thunder. 雷で停電した
    a shadow that alternately appears and disappears, due to a flashing light ひらめく影
    according to the fire services act；due to fire laws 消防法により
    being dark due to depth 奥深く暗い
    being farsighted due to old age 老眼であるさま
    being unclear due to depth 奥深く明らかでない
    canceled due to rain 雨天中止
    damage due to salt 塩による被害
    due to a business trip メール全文 出張のため
    due to company policy 会社の方針により
    due to the above reasons 上記の理由により
    fire which started due to natural causes 自然に起こる火災
    indolence due to boredom 飽きて怠けること
    new work due to design changes 設変により新作
    of a body, the state of being weak due to old age 体が老弱
    of a family, to die out due to leaving no successor 相続者がなく,家系が絶える
    of a marine vessel, to sink instantly due to being attacked by explosives (艦船が)爆弾で沈む
    of a person, being attractive due to being youthful 若々しく美しい
    of a person, to be exhausted due to sufferings 苦しみ疲れる
    of an elderly person, pain due to old age 老いの苦しみ
    the amount due to him 彼に支払うべき金額.
    the condition of being trapped due to action taken according to a plan はかりごとの中
    to be tired and haggard due to household matters 所帯に疲れて窶れる
    to be unable to do something due to lack of skill 何かすることは無理である
    to become mature due to having seen much of life 世情に通じて角がとれる
    to become pessimistic due to boredom 倦きて厭になる
    to become weaker due to diminishing physical strength or stamina 勢いが衰える
    to cause a person to sit down due to exhaustion 弱って座り込むようにさせる
    to collapse due to having been cut through 切れてくずれる
    to fall due ある期間に達すること
    to make a mistake due to carelessness 不注意などから過ちを犯す
    to not be completed by the due date, due to being behind schedule (進行が予定より遅れて)ある時期までずれてくる
    to pitch due to an earthquake (地震で)地面が上下に揺れる
    to run about due to being too busy かけて走りまわる
    to stay at home due to a lack of money 金がなくて家でこもっている
    to suffer from diarrhea due to drinking untreated water 水中りする

